psgmprogram@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS GM Program
vwleadmanager@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales VW Leadmanager
gmleads@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Leads
anthill@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CM Anthill
arg-link-reports@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- ARG-Link- Reports
admintegrationtickets@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Integration Tickets
ifsordermgmt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Order Mgmt
osit@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT
ossales@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Sales
ps-subaru-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Subaru Program
ifsosimplementation@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS OS Implementation
ets@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services ETS
admhelpgroup@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Help Group
nitraassets@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra Assets
landingpages@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- landingpages
MarchexNotifications@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marchex Notifications
ps-acura-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Acura Program
osfax@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Main eFax
x-time2@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS X-Time
salesleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Leads
unixhost@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT UnixHost
osbizdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation BizDev
osjobs@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Jobs
pcxrequests@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PartsWorks PCX Category Requests
vwmexico@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS VW Mexico
admjobs@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Jobs
ifsdms@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS DMS
blogfeedback@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marketing Blog Feedback
bat-admin@cobaltgroup.com|List- BAT Admin
servicesintegrationteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Services Integration Team
nitracollections@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra Collections
semops@exchange.Cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Ops
csreporting@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services Reporting Team
pwdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PartsWorks - EGT Prod Dev
prospector-l3@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Level 3
sembilling@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Billing
ps-hyundai-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Hyundai Program
osfieldsales@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Field Sales
admautobytel@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Autobytel
displaysandbox@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Display Sandbox
oshotlist@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Hotlist
pitcrew@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Pit Crew
powershift@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Powershift
audileads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Audi Leads
vahainfo@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- VAHA Info
b-c1hr@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS b-c1hr
ositsupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT Support
admopssev3@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Admission Ops Sev3
lmacobalt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- LMA Cobalt
lmsources@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PM LM Sources
websitetriage@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Website Triage
osbizdev@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation BizDev
admintegrationgroup@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Integration Group
perforce@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Perforce
ps-mitsu-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Mitsubishi Program
lm-migrator@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT LM Migrator
admreports@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Reports
admreports@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Reports
paidsearchspecialists@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Paid Search Specialists
osqaauto@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation QAAuto
osall@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation All
austinhelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Austin Help
timehelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Timehelp
psqa@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS QA
unix@cobaltgroup.com|List- Unix
psminiprogram@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS MINI Program
aag@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Advanced Analytics Group
prospectoractionplan@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Action Plan
admhelpgroup@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Help Group
onstationdataops@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Data Ops
bat-leads@cobaltgroup.com|List- BAT Leads
gmnotify@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Notify
removevehicle@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|Remove Vehicle
unix@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Unix
changeboard@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Change Board
osabuse@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Abuse
entacctmgt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Enterprise Sales All
abup1prodbugescalation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- ABU P1 Prod Bug Escalation
osexec@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Exec
osdealerisr@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dealer ISR
lm3beta@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCRM LM3 Beta
concurexpensehelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Concur Expense Help
admopsnotify@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Notify
dailyactivationslinks@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS DailyActivationsLinks
admqa@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission QA
ops@cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Operations-1
admopspgr@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Pager
admonitor@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Monitor
admvball@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Vball
admqajobs@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission QA Jobs
data@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS Data
osqa@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation QA
electronicinvoices@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Electronic Invoices
hchron@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BizDev hchron
gmimrmetrics@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM IMR Metrics
chryslercanada@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Chrysler Canada
adpquestions@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR ADP Questions
aus-contract@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Austin Contract
OOSExtracts-vwsubscription2010@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - VW Subscription 2010
osdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dev
mitsu@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Mitsu
nitraproduct@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra Product
lexusalert@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Lexus Alerts
departures@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Departures
osads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Ads
prod_domains@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Production Domains
oracleappsfinancereporting@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Oracle Apps Finance Reporting
oracleappsomreporting@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Oracle Apps OM Reporting
web-progman@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Web Sites Program Managers
admopssev1@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Sev1
customerdata@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Data
psbmw_minileadalerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS BMW_MINI Lead Alerts
partsvoicecustomers@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Partsvoice Customers
admswdev@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Software Dev
seattle_employees@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Seattle Employees
admrdominypage@cobaltgroup.com|rdominypage
ps-chrysler-bugzilla@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Chrysler Bugzilla
is@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS
ap@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Finance AP
aseast@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS East
coecoremerchandizingwebsitesdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- COE Core Merchandizing Websites Dev
websitesbugpool@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Web Sites Bugpool
searchessentialsmgmt@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Search Essentials Mgmt
oscreative@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Creative
WSM_Info@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Wsm Info
admops@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops
osorders@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OSOrders
ps-tag-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Thrifty Auto Group Program
dcx-marketcenter@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS DCX Market Center
osrackspace@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation RackSpace
admlootreport@cobaltgroup.com|List- Admission Loot Report
backups@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Backups
lmccaol@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- LMCC AOL
gcsacctmgr@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Account Managers
unixstaff@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT UnixStaff
jobs@cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Jobs
dcxadmin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS DCX Admin
osmktgjobs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Mktg Jobs
os-dma@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OS-DMA
gmcurrentoffers@cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Current Offers
osall@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation All
subarunotify@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Subaru Notify
prospectorinvoice@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Invoice
seattle_contract@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Seattle Contract
prospectorforms2@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Forms
finance@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Finance
admssladmin@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission SSL Admin
admautobytel@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Autobytel
osaccountspayable@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Accounts Payable
dbas@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT DBAS
OOSExtracts-BGSubscription2010@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - BG Subscription 2010
OOSExtracts-hyundaiprositeenrollment@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - Hyundai ProSite Enrollment
prod_build_team@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Production Builder Team
hyundaidealerlocator@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Hyundai Dealer Locator
save@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Saves
appsdba@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Apps DBA
admssladmin@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission SSL Admin
ps-nissan-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Nissan Program
polling_check@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCare Polling Check
pdwebsitesdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PD Websites Dev
repollcdp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Repoll CDP
foglightalerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Foglight Alerts
ddrsstaff@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PDX-DDRSSTAFF
austin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Austin
ossyslog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Syslog
ositsupport@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT Support
cashmgmt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Finance Cash Mgmt
sqlnotify@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT SQL Notification
osdi@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation DI
gcs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Global Client Services
omexceptions@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OM Exceptions
gmleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Leads
invdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- InvDev
marcomdevelopersbugzillareporting@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marcom Developers Bugzilla Reporting
osauthenticomdi@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation AuthenticomDI
hyundaidls@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Hyundai DLS
billing@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Finance Billing
ops@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Operations-1
vwgroup@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales VW Group
OOSExtracts-vwprocare@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - VW ProCare
servicesemsdesignteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Services EMS Design Team
admabuse@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Abuse
nadainfo@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales NADA Info
osinfo@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Info
pvsaves@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Parts Works Saves
aswest@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS West
nocalerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- NOC Alerts
osfinance@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Finance
ambassadors@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marketing Ambassadors
oosextracts-dmscollectionform@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - DMS Collection Form
employeechanges@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Employee Changes
osbackup@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Backup
mycartools@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PM MyCarTools
edsa@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- EDS Audi
psdbrequests@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS DB Requests
psgmpsdaily@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS GMPS Daily
admlootreport@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Admission Loot Report
osfax@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Main eFax
ecarep1@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCare P1Bug Notification
osads@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Ads
dealernews@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dealer News
dbarchs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DBArchs
gmchromeaccessoriesreport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Chrome Accessories Report
platservtest@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|platservtest
amexcard@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Amexcard
osautocard@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Autocard
reception@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Receptionists
osauthenticomdi@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation AuthenticomDI
pat@cobaltgroup.com|List- Process Advisory Team
hostmaster@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Hostmaster
slxremotes@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SLX Remote Users
vwadwiz@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS VW AdWiz
e-orders@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Ops
osproducts@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Products
invfeedsupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Inv Feed Support
devmgmt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dev Mgmt
inventorymonitoring@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Inventory Monitoring
prospectordev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector DEV
osautocard@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Autocard
osrackspace@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation RackSpace
iroc@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IROC
invops@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- InvOps
admopsnotify@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Notify
osfieldsales@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Field Sales
admit@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission IT
osfinance@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Finance
caapproductteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CAAP Product Team
ps-hummer-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Hummer Program
admintegrationgroup@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Integration Group
osaftermarketisr@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Aftermarket ISR
esmhelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- ESM Help
ossample@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Sample
aus-employees@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Austin Employees
all@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- All
List-OS-Implementation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OS-Implementation
datafixhelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Help Datafix
osinfo@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Info
admmailqueue@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Mail Queue
orientation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Newhire Orientation
ossalesforceadmin@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Salesforce Admin
osbod@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation BOD
os-dma@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OS-DMA
rockstar@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Rockstar
dbteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS DBTeam
ositvendors@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT Vendors
ps-kia-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Kia Program
OOSExtracts-gmprocare@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - GM ProCare
admvball@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Vball
exec@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- EXECS
enterprisesaleslexus@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Enterprise Sales Lexus
admjobs@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Jobs
gmdidenroll@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GMDID Enrollment Administrators
admcreativeservices@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Creative Services
admsupport@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Support
it-tools@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Tools
productactivation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|Productactivation@cobaltgroup.com
gmpromotionsteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Promotions Team
admorders@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Orders
invbugs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- InvBugs
kbbpricelink@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- KBB PriceLink
intelligenceops@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Intelligence Ops
ifsdept@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Dept
internet@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Internet@Cobalt
listdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DEV
ossample@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Sample
austinpager@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Austin Pager
osengineering@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Engineering
pvvisitleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PartsVoice Dealer Leads
uag@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS UAG
subarualerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Subaru Alerts
osdealersupport@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dealer Support
hendricknitra@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra Hendrick
osinsidesales@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Inside Sales
WebSites3.0Reporting@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Web Sites 3.0 Reporting
apptech@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Apptech
osdealersales@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dealer Sales
emystery@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eMystery
biketowork@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Bike to Work
OracleOEMAlerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Oracle OEM Alerts
nitra_admin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra Admin
osmktgjobs@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Mktg Jobs
osdeployment@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Deployment
partsmarketing@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Parts Marketing
crmpromo@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CRM Promotion
cobaltsecurity@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt Security
dev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS DEV
osit@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT
saturnenrollments@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Saturn Enrollments
framein_request@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- FrameIn Request
ifsspecialprojects@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Special Projects
weblogic@cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Weblogic
admhelptickets@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Help Tickets
weblogic@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Weblogic
vahaleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- VAHA Team Leads
isitqa@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- QA IS/IT
outages2@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Outages Enhanced
executiveescalation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Executive Escalation
itsecurity@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Security
osdev@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dev
admswdev@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Software Dev
wca@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services TSRs
ossales@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Sales
gcsclientexecs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Client Executives
psgmleadissues@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS GM Lead Issues
osjobs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Jobs
batupdates@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BAT Updates
ps-honda-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Honda Program
OOSTechnicalSupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Technical Support
bizdev@cobaltgroup.com|List- BizDev
osaccountspayable@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Accounts Payable
edealer_academy@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt U
casesupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Case_Support
admengineering@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Engineering
gmmsg@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Message
salesops@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Ops
itoperationsalerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Operations Alerts
dbhelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Help DB
admcreativeservices@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Creative Services
ftpupdate@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- FTP Update
cssurveyalerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CS Survey Alerts
admit@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission IT
nadaattendees@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- NADA Attendees
insalerad@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Inside Sales RAD
oracleappssupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Oracle Apps Support
osdi@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation DI
osxstaff@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation xstaff
bizopsmail@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BizOpsMail
admqajobs@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission QA Jobs
abuit-ccb@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- ABU IT CCB
projectoffice@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Proj Mgmt
secchange@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Sec Change
gmdwp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BizDev GM DWP
architecture@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Architecture
3rdpartygreatdata@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- 3rd Party GreatData
bzupgrade@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BZ Upgrade
onstationdataops@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Data Ops
fasttrack@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS FastTrack
osnada@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Nada
systems-update@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Systems Update
abusystemsengineering@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- ABU Systems Engineering
admops@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops
ps-infiniti-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Infiniti Program
bat-leads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BAT Leads
cadillacincentives@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cadillac Incentives
ositvendors@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation IT Vendors
infiniti@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Infiniti
traffic@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marcom Traffic
hr@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR
devleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS DEV Leads
list-corporateitengineering@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Corporate IT Engineering
mitsubishi@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Mitsu
competitiveintelligence@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Competitive Intelligence
accounts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Accounts
marketingsurveys@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marketing Surveys
bp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Bulk Proof and Publish
b-gmpsapps@exchange.Cobaltgroup.com|List- GM PS Apps
admnetsol@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Netsol
production_support@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS Production Support
salesforcemonitoring@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Force Monitoring
recruitingsupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Recruiting Support
osqaauto@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation QAAuto
newaccount@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- New Account
sitechange@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Ops Site Change
osaftermarketisr@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Aftermarket ISR
cgiapptech@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CGI AppTech
idlestock@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PDX-IdleStock
zipupdate@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS DBTeam
it-pm@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT PM
chrysler@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Chrysler
bugzilla@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Bugzilla
autoexchange@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AutoExchange
pslasdaily@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS LAS Daily
pvintranet@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Parts Works Intranet
execs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- EXECS
admengineering@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Engineering
osexec@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Exec
support@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCare Support
anforum@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Automotive News Forums
hyundaiprogramsignup@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Hyundai Program Signup
nitraccb@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra CCB
prodrel@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Production Release
OOSExtracts-ChevroletSubscription2010@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - Chevrolet Subscription 2010
cobrands@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BizDev Cobrands
outages@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Systems Outages
ifsdomains@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Domains
marcomjobstart@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marcom Job Start
noc@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT NOC
admnetsol@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Netsol
csahsupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CS AH Support
admqa@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission QA
ifsbugs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Bugs
ps-audi-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Audi Program
admtory.blue.page@cobaltgroup.com|tory.blue.page
kiaissues@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DAS Kia Issues
psbmwcpoprogram@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS BMW CPO Program
inventory@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PM Inventory
bat-admin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BAT Admin
admhelptickets@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Help Tickets
osdeployment@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Deployment
dailyactivations@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS DailyActivations
securitylog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Security Log
gmpromo@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Promo
boardplus@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt Board Plus
psqaaudileads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS QA Audi Leads
cfsc@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- EDSDCX
admintegrationtickets@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Integration Tickets
admmailqueue@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Mail Queue
itpagerack@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Pager Ack
cm@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CM
ptstatus@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Product Team Status
leadsetup@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Lead Setup
psbmwprogram@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS BMW Program
vwdifferences@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales VW Differences
List-OS-OMS@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OS-OMS
opsaupviolation@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Ops AUP Violation
ossyslog@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Syslog
fivestardisclaimers@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS FiveStarDisclaimers
mediaservices@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Media Services
SEMYahooOps@exchange.Cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Yahoo Ops
marcom@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marcom
ps-saturn-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Saturn Program
ecrmbugs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCRM Bugs
ps-toyota-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Toyota Program
osnada@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Nada
osxstaff@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation xstaff
semproject@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Project
slxworkg@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SLX WorkG Users
lmuptime@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- LM Uptime
oemdata@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PDX OEM Data
ps-lexus-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Lexus Program
vwsetup@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales VW Setup
admonitor@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Monitor
sec-list@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT SEC
dpischedrequests@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Help DPI
dealerescalation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CS Dealer Escalations
gmalert@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Alert
dapissue@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DAP Issue
ps-vw-prog@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS VW Program
anforum@cobaltgroup.com|List- Automotive News Forums
qconstation@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- QC On Station
ifsbuilders@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Builders
infochanges@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Info Changes
admabuse@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Abuse
ecareminisupport@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services MINI Support
daleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DA Leads
lexdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS LexDev
customerservicespartnersupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services Partner Support
salesservicecommunication@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Service Communication
osemarketing@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation eMarketing
suns@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Sun Admins
n2o@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Nitra N2O
admissiondisplaypilotorders@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Display Pilot Orders
italerts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Alerts
dapoperations@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DAP Operations
devps@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dev PS
psvolvoprogram@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Volvo Program
devcorepegasus@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dev CORE Pegasus
osbilling@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Billing
ntadmin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT NT Admins
lexus_lm2.9_migration_team@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Lexus LM2.9 Migration Team
board@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt Board
coremobile@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Core Mobile
vwcanada@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales VW Canada
oscreative@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Creative
marketingemails@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Marketing Emails
prospectorhelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Prospector Help
onstationdbas@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Onstation DBAs
osbod@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation BOD
seattle@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Seattle
ossalesforceadmin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Salesforce Admin
gmchromeenrollment@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Chrome Enrollment
ifsmgmt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IFS Mgmt
list-johnsstaff@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- John's Staff
pssubaruoperations@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Subaru Operations
daserrp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DAS ERRP
newhires@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Newhires
invdev@cobaltgroup.com|List- InvDev
lexuscoaches@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Lexus Coaches
psdevlexusbackend@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS Dev Lexus Backend
ahmps@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AHM PS
onstationcollections@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Collections
ilearninghelp@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- iLearning Help
barracuda_admin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Barracuda Admin
admrdominypage@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|rdominypage
devtopics@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dev Topics
osdealersales@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dealer Sales
collections@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Credit/ Collections Dept.
ecareaccountadvocates@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services Account Advocates
enterprisesalesgm@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Enterprise Sales GM
osdealerisr@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Dealer ISR
admpostmaster@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Postmaster
castironadmin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cast Iron Admin
csg@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services ETS
osproducts@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Products
press2@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Press
admsupport@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Support
dataproductsoncall@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Data Products On Call
quality@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services Quality Team
onstationdbas@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Onstation DBAs
SEMDev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Dev
list-semengineering@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Engineering
admtory.blue.page@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|tory.blue.page
osemarketing@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation eMarketing
admopssev2@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Sev2
omteam@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Production Order Mgmt Team
ossupport@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Support
admopspgr@cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Ops Pager
devwebsites@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Dev Websites
OOSExtracts-CadillacSubscription2010@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extracts - Cadillac Subscription 2010
prodmktg@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Product Marketing
osbilling@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Billing
dailyleadssourcereports@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Daily Leads Source Reports
pvsalesleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Parts Works Sales Leads
osqa@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation QA
gmcurrentoffers@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GM Current Offers
oshotlist@cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Hotlist
oosextract-hyundai-subscription-2010@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OOS Extract - Hyundai Subscription 2010
dpcore@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Data Products Core
osengineering@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Engineering
das@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DAS
psgmcanada@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PS GM Canada
financebars@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Finance BARS
bizdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- BizDev
admorders@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- AdMission Orders
3rdpartyoutages@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- eCare 3rdPartyOutages
isapps-error@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IS App Error
listdevleads@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- DEV Leads
csproposal@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PO CSProposal
semscrum@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- SEM Scrum
csfrenchsupport@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- CS French Support
stratdev@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- StratDev
directors@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Directors
itopsmon@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT Operations Monitoring
nitrawsmtest@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PM Nitra WSMTest
osbackup@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Backup
lmschange@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- LMS Change
gcsmgmt@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- GCS Mgmt
cobalt.comwebmaster@no-filter.exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt.com Webmaster
avadmin@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- IT AV Admins
pwbuild@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- PartsWorks Build
osinsidesales@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- OnStation Inside Sales
jobs@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- HR Jobs
salesopsnotify@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Sales Ops Notify
procaremanagement@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Customer Services ProCare Mgmt Team
ecaremanage@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Services Management Team
officeman@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Office Managers
cobaltnews@exchange.cobaltgroup.com|List- Cobalt news
